DeepSleepPreventerLibrary
=========================
The purpose of DeepSleepPreventerLibrary is to give iPhone developers the possibilty, 
to prevent the iPhone from going to deep sleep programmatically. The idea behind all 
this is to play a silent sound file triggered by a repeating timer. For more information 
please check [http://marcopeluso.com/2009/08/23/how-to-prevent-iphone-from-deep-sleeping/#more-172](http://marcopeluso.com/2009/08/23/how-to-prevent-iphone-from-deep-sleeping/#more-172 "How-to: Prevent iPhone from Deep Sleeping &raquo;  marcopeluso.com")

Adding DeepSleepPreventerLibrary to your project
================================================

1. Clone the git repository: `git://github.com/rwbr/DeepSleepPreventerLibrary.git`. 
   Please be careful while selecting the place of the repository on your disk. Because your Xcode
   project needs to reference the files you have to expect problems, if you later move this repository.

2. Open Finder and locate 'DeepSleepPreventerLibrary.xcodeproj'. Drag and drop this file into the root of
   your Xcode project's sidebar ('Groups & Files'). Now s dialog opens. Check that 'Copy items' is unchecked.
   'Reference type' must be 'Relative to Project'. Then click 'Add'.

3. The next step is to link the DeepSleepPreventerLibrary static library to your project. Click the 
   'DeepSleepPreventerLibrary.xcodeproj' item in the sidebar, that has been added in the last step.  
   Under the "Details" table, you will see a libDeepSleepPreventerLibrary.a.  On the far right there is a checkbox.
   Check this checkbox now.

4. Expand the 'Targets' section of your project and select your application's target. Right-click it 
   and select 'Get info'. On the 'General' tab you will see a section called 'Direct Dependencies'. Click on
   the '+' button and add 'DeepSleepPreventerLibrary'.
   
5. Now go back to the Finder again and browse for a file called 'noSound.wav'. Add this file to your Xcode project. 
   You can achive this by dragging it into your projects sidebar in Xcode. In the dialog window, that opens up now,
   you must uncheck 'Copy items' and make sure 'Reference Type' is 'Relative to Project' before clicking 'Add'.

6. Now add the AVFoundation, AudioToolbox and MediaPlayer frameworks to your project. 

7. The last thing to to is, to tell Xcode, where it finds DeepSleepPreventerLibrary's heder files, when building your
   project. Select your application's target again and right-click it. Select 'Get info' now. On the 'Build' tab look for
   'Header Search Paths'. Be sure, that 'All conigurations' is selected before double-clicking the 'Header Search Paths'
   section. Add the relative path from your project's directory to the 'src' directory. 
   Now add to 'Other Linker Flags' under the 'Linker' section the options '-ObjC' and '-all_load'.

8. That's all. Now you can do #import <DeepSleepPreventerLibrary/DeepSleepPreventer.h> into your code and use it.
